sample: bluetooth: Document Peer Manager section of samples (#823)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/bluetooth/ble_cgms/README.rst

LED 1:
   Lit when a device is connected.

Security
********

The sample integrates :ref:`lib_peer_manager` (backed by :ref:`lib_bm_zms` for persistent storage) to support pairing and bonding.

The sample is configured to require bonding and LE Secure Connections (LESC).
Man-in-the-middle (MITM) protection and keypress notifications are not required.
The I/O capabilities are set to display and confirm a passkey, so pairing uses numeric comparison.

This sample configures the following services with these specific security levels:

* Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service: requires encryption, but not authentication, to access all of its characteristics.

> * Device Information Service: requires encryption, but not authentication, to read the device information characteristic.

Reviewer: Please be consistent. Either upper case or lower case for all samples. 
```suggestion
* Device Information Service: requires encryption, but not authentication, to read the Device Information characteristic.
```

Author: Oki. Now that I am looking at it closer, in this specific case I think its best if I align with how its written elsewhere for this security level config case. 
Instead of:
"* Device Information Service: requires encryption, but not authentication, to read the Device Information characteristic."
I can rewrite to:
"* Device Information Service: Requires encryption, but not authentication, to access all of its characteristics."

| Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service | CGM Measurement             | Notify         | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to subscribe to and receive periodic glucose measurement notifications.                          |
+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                       | Feature                     | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read which optional CGM features the sensor supports.                                         |
+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | Status                      | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read the time offset and status, such as low battery or sensor malfunction warnings.          |

Reviewer 2: The sensor malfunction detection feature and the low battery detection feature is not implemented in the sample (set to false in the feature characteristic). So I would rather not we mention them specifically as examples of status fields here.

```suggestion
|                                       | Status                      | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read the time offset and sensor status.                                                       |
```

Author: fixed

| Service                               | Characteristic              | Operation      | Required security             | Effect                                                                                                                                        |
+=======================================+=============================+================+===============================+===============================================================================================================================================+
| Continuous Glucose Monitoring Service | Feature                     | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read which optional CGM features the sensor supports.                                                         |
+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | Status                      | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read sensor warnings, such as a low battery or a sensor malfunction.                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                                       | Status                      | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read time offset and sensor status annunciation field.                                                      |
```

Author: I rewrote this differently to align with the rest of characteristics and keep it simple. If user wants full overview of each bit set in this characteristic its best if they look at the specifications themselves instead.

+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | Session Start Time          | Read/Write     | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read or set the timestamp marking when the monitoring session started.                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                                       | Session Start Time          | Read/Write     | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read or set the timestamp that marks when the monitoring session started.                                        |
```

Author: fixed

+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | Session Run Time            | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read how long the current session is set to run.                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                                       | Session Run Time            | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read the expected run time of the CGM session.                                                                    |
```

Author: fixed

+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | CGM Measurement             | Notify         | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to receive periodic glucose measurement notifications.                                                           |

Reviewer 2: Please move this row to the top so we keep the same order that the characteristics will appear in the attribute table (and the same order as in the spec.).

```suggestion
|                                       | CGM Measurement             | Notify         | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to subscribe to and receive periodic glucose measurement notifications.                                                           |
```

Author: fixed

+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                       | Record Access Control Point | Write/Indicate | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to retrieve, filter, or delete stored glucose measurement records.                                               |
+                                       +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                       | Specific Ops Control Point  | Write/Indicate | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to start or stop a monitoring session and configure settings such as the communication interval and calibration. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                                       | Specific Ops Control Point  | Write/Indicate | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to start or stop a monitoring session and configure settings such as the communication interval.                 |
```

Author: ok, fixed

+---------------------------------------+-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Device Information Service            | All characteristics         | Read           | Encryption, no authentication | Connection must be encrypted to read device information such as the manufacturer name and firmware version.                                   |
+---------------------------------------+-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Battery Service                       | All characteristics         | Read/Notify    | Open, no security             | Any connected device can read the battery level and subscribe to battery level notifications.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Battery Service                       | Battery Level               | Read/Notify    | Open, no security             | Any connected device can read the battery level and subscribe to battery level notifications.                                                 |
```

Author: Ok, fixed
